<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="index.css" />
        <title>J-Pop</title>
    </head>
    <body class="body">
        <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml" -->
        <div class="main">
            <h1>About</h1>
            <h2>The Project</h2>
            <h3>Background</h3>
            <p>Japanese differs from many languages in that while it lacks a grammatical gender,
                like the le or la in French, it has implied gendered language in an everyday social
                context. For example, words are not gendered, but if someone says 「腹減った」（はらへった <span
                    class="romaji">hara hetta</span> “I’m hungry”）instead of 「お腹すいた」（おなかすいた <span
                    class="romaji">onaka suita</span>), they’re associated with the male gender
                because of the “rough” connotation associated with the former phrase. This is all
                despite the fact that neither phrase is inherently gendered. This appears in many
                aspects of Japanese, from phrasing, to particles, to pronouns and honorifics. </p>
            <p> But like all things gender-related, gendered language in Japanese is nothing more
                than a social construct developed over time, with roots in “court women’s speech”
                    (<span class="romaji">nyooboo kotoba</span> 女房言葉) during the fourteenth century,
                then popularized after the standardization of the Japanese language during the Meiji
                Restoration into the turn of the twentieth century. Despite the manufactured history
                of a “women’s” or “men’s” language, many people today simply recognize it as an
                innate difference between men and women and their speech styles, rather than a
                learned habit. </p>
            <p> For more detail on the history and features of gendered language in Japanese, see
                the <a href="http://jpop.obdurodon.org/references.xhtml">References</a> page for
                additional readings. Also check out the <a
                    href="http://jpop.obdurodon.org/methods.xhtml">Methods</a> page, where we
                discuss specific linguistic features and how we utilized them in our analysis. </p>

            <h3>Inspiration</h3>
            <p> Naturally, a second language learner of Japanese could create an awkward scenario by
                using language that is not associated with their presented gender. Paige did this
                many times by using linguistic features in Japanese that were associated with “male”
                speech, and was corrected for some things but not others. When watching older movies
                or listening to older female speakers, she would hear linguistic patterns that
                didn’t show up in more contemporary shows, even with a difference of only 20 years.
                She was curious about how gendered language use could be changing in Japan, and
                after enlisting Gina, this research project was born. </p>
            <h2>The People</h2>
            <h3>Gina D'Amore</h3>
            <p> Gina is a senior Linguistics and Psychology major at Pitt. She is interested in the
                intersections between the cognitive sciences, sociology, and education. She also
                finally discovered that she likes coding, now, in her last semester at Pitt and
                hopes to make use of this insight</p>
            <h3>Paige Bruckner</h3>
            <p> Paige is a current junior Linguistics major at Pitt, and is looking to work with
                computational linguistics or natural language processing in the future. She wants
                you to listen to all the songs mentioned on the website because they are bangers.
            </p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
