<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="index.css" />
        <title>J-Pop</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml" -->
         <div class="main"><h1>About</h1>
        <h2>The Project</h2>
             <h3>Background</h3>
<p>             Japanese differs from many languages in that while it lacks a grammatical gender, like the le or la in French, it has implied gendered language in an everyday social context. For example, words are not gendered, but if someone says 「腹減った」（はらへった <span class="romaji">hara hetta</span> “I’m hungry”）instead of 「お腹すいた」（おなかすいた <span class="romaji">onaka suita</span>), they’re associated with the male gender because of the “rough” connotation associated with the former phrase. This is all despite the fact that neither phrase is inherently gendered. This appears in many aspects of Japanese, from phrasing, to particles, to pronouns and honorifics. 
</p>             
             <p>             But like all things gender-related, gendered language in Japanese is nothing more than a social construct developed over time, with roots in “court women’s speech” (<span class="romaji">nyooboo kotoba</span> 女房言葉) during the fourteenth century, then popularized after the standardization of the Japanese language during the Meiji Restoration into the turn of the twentieth century. Despite the manufactured history of a “women’s” or “men’s” language, many people today simply recognize it as an innate difference between men and women and their speech styles, rather than a learned habit. 
</p>             
             <p>             For more detail on the history and features of gendered language in Japanese, see the <a href="http://jpop.obdurodon.org/references.xhtml">References</a> page for additional readings. Also check out the <a href="http://jpop.obdurodon.org/methods.xhtml">Methods</a> page, where we discuss specific linguistic features and how we utilized them in our analysis. 
</p>             
        
        <h3>Inspiration</h3>
        <p>
            Naturally, a second language learner of Japanese could create an awkward scenario by using language that is not associated with their presented gender. Paige did this many times by using linguistic features in Japanese that were associated with “male” speech, and was corrected for some things but not others. When watching older movies or listening to older female speakers, she would hear linguistic patterns that didn’t show up in more contemporary shows, even with a difference of only 20 years. She was curious about how gendered language use could be changing in Japan, and after enlisting Gina, this research project was born. 
        </p>
        <h2>The People</h2>
        <h3>Gina D'Amore</h3>
        <p>
            Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Quisque tempus odio varius nisi lacinia, eget efficitur mi fringilla. Morbi non efficitur elit. Vivamus nec vehicula nibh, ut consectetur tellus. Nulla commodo consequat tortor, in ultrices tellus elementum in. Fusce sed libero erat. Vivamus ut laoreet sem. Sed placerat ullamcorper porttitor. Morbi vitae fermentum magna. Cras ultrices risus sit amet ultricies dapibus.
            
            Nulla facilisis diam ligula, vitae ultrices dolor accumsan et. Integer gravida, ex ac pulvinar pellentesque, elit enim gravida lectus, vel tempus dui est in mi. Vivamus ullamcorper posuere ligula, eget dignissim mauris fermentum eu. Mauris et augue eget ante dapibus pretium. Fusce eu tellus libero. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Aliquam ex tellus, aliquam at dolor quis, facilisis mattis felis. Vivamus ut purus lacus. Nunc interdum turpis eros, sit amet pellentesque urna condimentum sed. Praesent efficitur tristique eros, euismod finibus tellus semper sed. Suspendisse et magna non ante tristique sodales.
        </p>
        <h3>Paige Bruckner</h3>
        <p>
            
            Paige is a current junior Linguistics major at Pitt, and is looking to work with computational linguistics or natural language processing in the future. She wants you to listen to all the songs mentioned on the website because they are bangers.         </p></div>
    </body>
</html>