<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="index.css" />
        <title>J-Pop</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml" -->
        <h1>Methods</h1>
        <h2>Media</h2>
        <p> Gendered language in Japanese appears most often in speech, not writing, so we wanted to
            work with a conversational corpus. There are several data sets, like the <a
                href="http://pj.ninjal.ac.jp/corpus_center/csj/en/">Corpora for Spontanous Japanese
                (CSJ)</a>, available, however the issue with these is that they are made in a few
            years, not over a span of a few decades like we needed for our purposes. </p>
        <p>We also needed to be able to sufficiently mark-up our texts in XML for further
            manipulation, so rather than a drama, TV show, or movie, we ultimately decided on song
            lyrics. Song lyrics are representative of the linguistic features utilized by a culture
            at a particular point since they employ features that are most popular at the time, and
            they are also manageable in size. </p>
        <p>Choosing popular music from the year 1980 to 2017, we took a sample of 10 songs from each
            decade (10 from 1980, 10 from 1990, etc). We selected them from the top single ranking
            charts for each year, mostly by using the lyric website Uta-Net's <a
                href="https://www.uta-net.com/user/timemachine/index.html">handy Time Machine
                feature</a>. Where there were discrepancies between the gender of the singer and the
            gender of the songwriter (when not the same person), we discounted those songs and
            picked the next highest ranked single. Thus, in total there are 50 songs, which you can
            explore by navigating to the Songs page.</p>
        <h2>Linguistic Features</h2>
        <p> The linguistic features we chose to focus on were sentence-final particles (SFP’s) and
            pronouns. </p>
        <p> SFP’s are perhaps the easiest gendered language to identify in Japanese, and are added
            at the end of utterances, often optionally or stylistically. The chart below identifies
            some of these particles: </p>
        <p>example chart here</p>
        <p> Pronouns in Japanese change depending on the gender of the speaker, the gender of the
            recipient, and the level of politeness necessary for the situation. The chart below
            details the usage for different pronouns: </p>
        <p>example chart here</p>
        <p>There were a handful of other features we noted in our markup, such as the addition of an
            honorific marker (o go) to a noun (marks femininity), but these were few in total.</p>
        <h2>Computational Methods</h2>
        <p>We transcribed the songs first in .txt files, then converted them to XML with both
            structural and linguistic mark-up. In the structural markup, we accounted for verses and
            lines. For linguistic mark-up, we tagged features with attributes for the type (SFP or
            pronoun) and associated gender. </p>
        <p>Because SFP’s can vary in their degree of gender markedness as shown in the diagram
            above, we utilized the same grading scale in our markup of the gender attribute, on a
            scale from Strongly Feminine > Moderately Feminine > Neutral/Moderately Masculine >
            Strongly Masculine. </p>
        <p>The reason neutral is combined with Moderately Masculine is due to the fact that when
            Japanese was standardized at the beginning of the twentieth century, it was heavily
            biased towards male speech, which became “neutral” while women’s speech remained marked
            as uniquely feminine (Nakamura, 2014). As a result, there are less instances of
            masculine marked speech than feminine marked speech.</p>
    </body>
</html>
